README.md cleanups: (#289)
tcdi/plrust: README.md

statements, and cursors. It also provides safe Rust types over most of Postgres built-in data types, including (but
not limited to), TEXT, INT, BIGINT, NUMERIC, FLOAT, DOUBLE PRECISION, etc.

On x86_64 and aarch64 Linux systems PL/Rust can be a "trusted" procedural language, assuming the proper compilation
requirements are met. On other systems, it is perfectly usable as an "untrusted" language but cannot provide the
same level of safety guarantees.

# Learn More

PL/Rust's documentation, an ongoing project, can be found at https://tcdi.github.io/plrust.  Also see the 
[`plrust-trusted-pgx`](https://docs.rs/plrust-trusted-pgx/latest/plrust_trusted_pgx/) Rust documentation.

# Join our Community

The PL/Rust team at [TCDI](https://www.tcdi.com/) manages a Discord server where we discuss PL/Rust and related technologies
such as [`pgx`](https://github.com/tcdi/pgx), Rust, and Postgres.  Feel free to join:  https://discord.gg/mHKrj55zyh

# Quick Example

An example PL/Rust function:

```sql
psql> CREATE FUNCTION add_two_numbers(a NUMERIC, b NUMERIC) RETURNS NUMERIC STRICT LANGUAGE plrust AS $$

>     Ok(Some(a + b))

Reviewer: :tada:

PL/Rust does not do this.  The only thing that Postgres uses to determine if a language handler is considered "trusted" is if it was created using `CREATE TRUSTED LANGUAGE`.  It does not inspect the name.

PL/Rust stores user functions in `pg_catalog.pg_proc`'s `prosrc` field as a complex json structure where the compiled 

> function is a compressed, base64 encoded string, internally key'd with its compilation target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function is a compressed, base64 encoded string, with the key-value pairs mapping each target tuple to compiled object code.
```
